# roAudioOutput

This object allows individual control of audio outputs on the player. The JavaScript equivalent is [audiooutput](../../../../developers/player-apis/javascript-apis/audiooutput.md).

Object Creation: The *roAudioOutput* object requires a single output parameter upon creation.

```
CreateObject("roAudioOutput", output As String)
```

The `output` parameter can take the following strings:

*   `“none”`
    
*   `"hdmi”` or `"hdmi-1"`, `"hdmi-2"`, `"hdmi-3"`, or `"hdmi-4`" for Series 5 players with multiple outputs
    
*   `“usb”`
    
*   `“spdif”`
    
*   `"analog"` 
    
*   `“analog:N”` (N specifies the port enumeration, which is useful for models with multiple analog-audio ports; you can also use `"analog:1"` to specify the analog output on a model with a single analog-audio port)
    
*   `"earc"` (AU335 only)
    
*   Support for multiple USB outputs using the USB port naming terminology. See [roDeviceInfo-getusbtopology](../../object-reference/system-objects/rodeviceinfo.md)
    

You can create any number of *roAudioOutput* objects. There can be multiple instances of this object that represent the same audio output, but in these cases one object will override another.

## ifAudioOutput

##### SetVolume(a As Integer) As Boolean

Sets the volume of the specified output as a percentage represented by an integer between 0 and 100.

##### SetTone(treble As Integer, bass As Integer) As Boolean

Sets the treble and bass of the specified output. The treble and bass integers can range from -1000 to 1000, with 0 indicating no modification to the audio signal. Each increment represents a change of 0.01db.

##### SetMute(a As Boolean) As Boolean

Mutes the specified output if True. This method is set to False by default.

##### GetOutput() As String

Returns the string with which the *roAudioOutput* object was created.

##### SetAudioDelay(delay\_in\_milliseconds As Integer) As Boolean

Delays the audio for a specific audio output by lagging decoded samples before they reach that output. Delays are limited to 150ms or less. Currently, the system software only supports positive delays; therefore, if you need to set the audio ahead of the video, you will need to use *roVideoPlayer.SetVideoDelay()* instead.

##### SetPlugState( ) As Boolean

This function returns `true` if the corresponding output has a plug in it, `false` if it does not, or `Invalid` if the plug state cannot be determined on the current hardware or OS version. This is supported in BOS 9.0.163 onwards.

The `SetVolume()` and `SetMute()` methods work in conjunction with the volume and mute functionality offered by *roAudioPlayer*. The *roAudioPlayer* volume settings affect the audio decoder volume. The audio stream is then sent to the assigned outputs, which have an additional level of volume control enabled by *roAudioOutput*.

The *roAudioOutput* object affects the absolute volume (as well as mute settings) for an audio output. If two players are streaming to the same output, both will be affected by any settings implemented through *roAudioOutput*.

> [!NOTE]
> To control which audio outputs connect to audio player outputs generated by *roAudioOutput*, use the SetPcmAudioOutputs() and SetCompressedAudioOutputs() methods, which can be used for *roVideoPlayer* and *roAudioPlayer*. See the *roAudioPlayer* entry for further explanation of these methods.